updates provisioner readme with tips on running tests (#3026)
kyma-project/control-plane: components/provisioner/README.md

## Development

### Testing

> Run `make verify` in `/components/provisioner/` directory to run the unit and integration tests, or `/components/provisioner/e2e_test/test.sh` to run the e2e test. For the e2e you will need to set up few environmental variables and the test output will guide you on what's missing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `make verify` in the `/components/provisioner/` directory to run the unit and integration tests, or `/components/provisioner/e2e_test/test.sh` to run the e2e test. For the e2e, you must set up a few environmental variables, and the test output will guide you on what's missing. 
```
